Add the introduction of capture group for regexp function (#16800)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/string-functions.md

### Other compatibility

- The difference between TiDB and MySQL support in replacing empty strings, the following takes `REGEXP_REPLACE("", "^$", "123")` as an example:

  - MySQL does not replace the empty string and returns `""` as the result.
  - TiDB replaces the empty string and returns `"123"` as the result.

> - The difference between TiDB and MySQL support in the keyword of capture group. The keywords of capture group in MySQL and TiDB are `$` and `\\` respectively, and TiDB only supports capture group numberd 0-9. For example:
> 
>   - `select regexp_replace('abcd','(.*)(.{2})$','\\1') as s;` returns `ab`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The keyword used for capturing groups between TiDB and MySQL is different. MySQL uses `$` as the keyword, while TiDB uses `\\` as the keyword. In addition, TiDB only supports capturing groups numbered from `0` to `9`.

    For example, the following SQL statement returns `ab` in TiDB:

    ```sql
    SELECT REGEXP_REPLACE('abcd','(.*)(.{2})$','\\1') AS s;
    ```
```
